Version 0.15 Highlights
The wallet keeps getting better and better. We started working on some major features last sprint and some of them are already here!

### New Academy Tab
The app now integrates a catalog of content explaining various cryptocurrencies and related concepts.

There are currently 8 guides explain various concepts like wallets, blockchain etc and another four guides covering cryptocurrencies (Bitcoin, Ethereum, MakerDAO and Tether). Hopefully we aim to expand this catalog to cover all supported cryptocurrencies including DeFi protocol tokens in the next few months.

### Updated Price Charts
The coin price charts got another major upgrade. Now the chart screen includes technical analysis indicators showing current asset price trends both for short and long term periods.

### Supported indicators: EMA / MACD / RSI

These indicators tell when the asset prices is trending upwards or downwards based on the price analysis for the selected period on the chart.

### Support For All ERC20 tokens
The coin manager screen now has 'Add Token' option allowing you to add any ERC20 token to the app. This has been a widely requested feature.

### Lock screen Redesign
If you still haven't enabled lock screen in your wallet app we encourage you to do so! The lock screen now enables you to access following features without the need to unlock your wallet app.

- portfolio assets price changes
- crypto news
- top 100 coins by market cap in last 24 hours as well as top winners and looses.
- price chart and indicators for any coin

### Other
- a number of bug fixes
- UI improvements throughout the app

Peace!
