# Version 0.16 Highlights

Another massive sprint! This sprint has some new major additions to the wallet feature set as well as extensive improvements throughout the app.

## 1. UNISWAP Exchange Integration

The biggest feature of the current sprint. This release brings full integration of Uniswap protocol to Unstoppable wallet app.

You can now buy and sell Ethereum and Ethereum based ERC20 tokens directly from within Unstoppable in a decentralized manner, without any identity checks or privacy leaks.

In the coming sprints we are planning to expand on this and integrate other DEXes, i.e. Curve for exchanging stablecoins and/or REN for decentralized exchange between Bitcoin and Ethereum tokens.

## 2. PUSH Notifications

You may now subscribe and get alerted whenever the asset experiences a 24h price change over 2/3/5 %.

Apart from 24h price changes Unstoppable can alert you when a short or long term price trend for the given cryptocurrency changes from downtrend to uptrend or vice versa.

## 3. PRICE CHART Improvements

Token price charts saw a lot of minor improvements aimed at making it easier to interpret the charts.

- added to 2 week time frame to chart
- improved readability for technical analysis indicators
- ability to subscribe to price changes (i.e. 2/3/5%)
- ability to subscribe to price trend reversals
- fixed bugs with missing chart data
- adde more data (i.e. project website) for each coin

## 4. NEW Academy Guides

The recently launched Academy section now integrates a section for DeFi, along with about 15 guides covering various aspect of decentralized finance. If you have been wondering what that DeFi craze is all about these guides are for you.

The whole catalog of guides now also available online @ https://litrex.academy . We invite you to share these guides with your friends who are struggling to grasp crypto.

About half of the guides are also available in German, French, Persian and Russian languages. More coming soon.

## 5. NEW Token Additions

As we are entering a new phase in DEFI, we try to make sure that Unstoppable wallet supports all of the 'blue-chip' projects in the ecosystem. Following tokens were added to the tokens list supported by Unstoppable wallet app:

- AKRO (Ethereum blockchain)
- AAVE (Ethereum blockchain)
- DOS Network (Binance Chain)
- BAL (Ethereum blockchain)
- DIA (Ethereum blockchain)
- TKN (Ethereum blockchain)
- renBTC, renBCH, renZCASH (Ethereum blockchain)
- COMP (Ethereum blockchain)

Remember, the coin manager section already has 'Add Token' option allowing anyone to add any ERC20 token to the app. So, even if some token isn't supported by default it can be still added manually.

## 6. IMPROVED Onboarding

New users will now see alerts on various sections in app settings prompting them to complete vital actions:

- Acceptance of Terms
- Enabling Lock screen
- Completing Wallet Backup

## Other

- a lot of minor bug fixes
- massive UI improvements throughout the app
- code refactoring

Peace!
