# Version 0.17 Highlights

This sprint adds a number of new major additions to the wallet feature set with the heavy focus on DeFi. There were also extensive improvements throughout the app.

## 1. Zcash Integration

We are excited to add Zcash privacy coin to the wallet. This version brings full support for storing and transacting with Zcash.

Zcash supports transparent as well as private transactions allowing users to use any of the two on demand.

## 2. Uniswap Improvements

In this release we integrated most of the advanced settings available on Uniswap protocol such the ability to specify non-default values for transaction deadline and price slippage tolerance.

A number of further improvements and bug fixes were made to the UI / UX side of the token swap features based on the feedback collected.

The wallet app now lists all ERC20 tokens that are currently trade-able on Uniswap. The list taken from, https://tokenlists.org/token-list?url=https://gateway.ipfs.io/ipns/tokens.uniswap.org

## 3. Ethereum Improvements

The communication with the RPC provider for Ethereum blockchain now happens over the web socket which provides faster and smoother experience.

Users also now got the ability to set custom gas price values for any Ethereum transaction.

## 4. WalletConnect Protocol

Integration with WalletConnect protocol https://walletconnect.org.

Unstoppable wallet users are now able to interact with any DeFi service on desktop by simply scanning a QR code from the wallet app. No need to use a browser wallet.

## 5. Today Price Chart

Token price charts now open on 'today' tab by default and display the token price change against UTC 00:00 rather than showing 24 hour activity. The 24h chart is still there but not the default tab on open.

## 6. Other

- minor bug fixes
- UI improvements throughout the app
- refactoring on various components

Peace!
