# Version 0.19 Highlights

ADDED MARKETS TAB, DISABLED EOS WALLET, TOKEN AUTO DISCOVERY, IMPROVED TX FEE LOGIC.

## 1. MARKETS TAB

This release brings one of the most awaited features.

Markets Tab enables anyone to browse cryptocurrency tokens, filter tokens by market criteria (i.e volume, price change and market cap) and browse cryptocurrency tokens by category for easy comparison of similar projects.

We are happy how it turned out and planning to add even more cooler stuff to the markets tab in the next version. Specifically, we are looking to auto categorize the projects based on the risk/quality factors using on chain data as well as trading volume/liquidity for the project. Stay tuned!

## 2. DEFI IMPORVEMENTS

Unstoppable now able to discover all tokens (ERC20 and BEP2) where you have the balance. You no longer need to activate all those tokens one by one.

Currently the feature doesn't work for ERC20 coins or BEP2 tokens that are not listed in the Unstoppable coin catalog. This point will be addressed in version 20.

## 3. UI / UX Improvements

The app is undergoing though massive UI changes throughout the app. You may not notice it right away but a lot of minor details are being tweaked.

- added new markets tab
- redesigned tx info screen
- improved all input fields throughout the app
- item cells became bigger throughout the app

## 4. EOS DISABLED

In this version we started preparing the Unstoppable architecture and UI flow to an integration of an multicoin / multiwallet capability.

This feature will enable anyone to have unlimited number of wallets in Unstoppable app where each wallet capable of storing any supported token. This feature will make it possible to have just one wallet for all your cryptocurrency needs.

Currently this is not the case. Different wallet types support different set of tokens.  In order to make the transition faster we decided to disable EOS wallet for the time being. If you have an active EOS wallet and need to be able to monitor it Unstoppable we recommend you not to update.

## 5. IMPROVED TX FEES

Due to high network activity on Ethereum there is a high chance of failing transactions. During busy hours this happens a lot and users may easily loose up to 100$ on fees and still have transaction fail.

We took another look at transaction fee calculation algorithms and made some changes to limit the chances of transaction failing (i.e. out of gas errors).

As a result of applied changes the value recommended by Unstoppable is set slightly higher than a recommended value returned by a an Ethereum node. On user side this means slightly higher fees (5 - 10 %) when transacting with a very low chance of fail.

## 6. UNSTOPPABLE DOMAINS

In addition to ENS (Ethereum Name Service) the Unstoppable wallet app now supports Unstoppable Domains https://unstoppabledomains.com.

To send cryptocurrency, all you need to know is the recipient’s blockchain domain which is much easier to handle than the actual lengthy Ethereum address.

## 7. BUGS & SECURITY FIXES

All reported bugs were addressed. Moreover, Unstoppable had its code reviewed by Certik for security. No significant issues were discovered. There were a couple of UI improvements per recommendations made in the audit report.

Another massive sprint on our end. Stay tuned!
Peace!
