
# Version 0.26 Highlights

NFT IMPROVEMENTS, АVALANCHE, ROLLUPS, TRANSACTIONS TAB, TOP PLATFORMS, WALLET IMPROVEMENTS, WIDGETS

GM free souls! Another ginormous update for Unstoppable Wallet. As usual, this release brings some major new features and some extensive improvements to the existing feature set.

## 1. AVALANCHE BLOCKCHAIN

Unstoppable users are now able to interact with Avalanche C Chain (Contract chain) as well as make use of DEXes (decentralized exchanges) on that blockchain. With that Unstoppable is the only wallet that provides such capability in a frictionless manner.

If you're an Avalanche user definitely give it a try and let us know!

## 2. WIDGET SUPPORT

Some users will now be able to get a wallet and cryptocurrency market overview from within the widgets section of the smartphone OS. This feature is not available to all users yet.

## 3. ARBITRUM and OPTIMISM

The Unstoppable app now fully supports Artbitrum and Optimism rollup chains for Ethereum blockchain. Send and Receive assets on those L2 chains in an easy-to-use manner.

## 4. WALLET IMPROVEMENTS

The wallet generation and restore features got significant improvements as well. Mainly, the users are now able to:

- restore wallets that use non-English seed phrases.
- restore and generate wallets using 12, 15, 18, 21, and 24-word length seed phrases with an optional passphrase.

## 5. TOP PLATFORMS

The Markets Overview page now shows top blockchain platforms based on the cumulative market cap of the projects operating on those blockchains. Users are able to view top blockchains as an ordered list as well as view a list of projects operating on those blockchains.

## 6. NEW TRANSACTIONS TAB

The Transactions Tab received a major makeover and now comes with new transaction filtering capabilities enabling users to quickly filter and find specific transactions even if the wallet has thousands of transactions.

## 7. NFT IMPROVEMENTS

The individual NFT collections now come with an activity tab allowing users to browse and filter the latest happenings for that collection on the leading NFT marketplace (i.e. Opensea). Users are able to browse the latest sales, orders, transfers, etc.

## 8. OTHER

There were a lot of other significant UI and security improvements throughout the app as well as several bug fixes. Most of the external feature recommendations and bug reports were addressed as well.

Enjoy and Peace!
