# Version 0.29 Highlights

WALLET MANAGEMENT CHANGES, WALLETCONNECT 2.0, SWAP IMPROVEMENTS, 1INCH UPDATE, SOLANA BLOCKCHAIN

GM free souls! In this sprint we mainly worked on some bugs (i.e. non-standard wallet creation) and also upgraded some essential DeFi components of the wallet.

---

## 1. WALLET MANAGEMENT CHANGES

The wallet creation screen has been restricted to use only English secret words (mnemonic) option. The previously introduced option for choosing word lists in other languages has been disabled due to discovery of some wallets (ex: Spanish or French) being not standard compliant. For same reasons some symbols are no longer supported when adding wallet passphrase.

We might reintroduce these options in the future once we are fully confident that all possible use cases have been tested. For the time being we would like to stick with industry standards to ensure maximum compatibility with existing wallets.

## 2. WALLETCONNECT 2.0

The Unstoppable now fully supports WalletConnect v2. Both version 1 and 2 of the WalletConnect protocol are now supported by the app enabling users to interact with all DApps using WalletConnect.

## 3. NEW SWAP SCREEN

The token swap functionality has been fully redesigned. There were a couple of minor improvements to the feature set as well.

## 4. 1INCH PROTOCOL

The 1INCH implementation has been upgraded to the latest version of the protocol.

## 5. SOLANA BLOCKCHAIN

The Unstoppable now supports non-custodial storage, sending and receiving of SOL cryptocurrency as well as tokens on Solana blockchain.

Enjoy and Peace!
