This sprint was dedicated to refactoring existing code with an aim to keep the code base clean and easy to maintain and build upon in the future. You may follow the issues that were assigned to this project to see what exactly was refactored

Most of these are under the hood architecture improvements which are necessary at this point.

## Performance Improvements

With the addition of ERC20 tokens  a number of use cases were uncovered where the client makes over a dozen different HTTP requests to various external sources (i.e. exchange rates, transaction data for ETH and ERC20 tokens, state data for ETH and so on.)

In this case, the client (especially low end Android phones) needs to perform without lags and any noticeable flickers on the interface.  The applied improvements addressed this issue.

In addition, the Transaction tab went through significant refactoring to deliver better performance on slower devices.

## UI / UX Refactoring

The Android version of the wallet is going through a significant UI improvements on all controllers. The goal here is to ensure that the wallet behaves and looks closely similar on all android phone and operating systems. This covers a lot of minor issues throughout the Android app and going to span the next release as well.

We refactored the the UI / UX controllers throughout the app so that existing controllers are flexible and able to adapt to upcoming integration of new blockchains.

## Full Changelog:

https://github.com/horizontalsystems/bank-wallet-android/compare/0.2.0...0.3.0
