# Version 0.30 Highlights

ADVANCED ANALYTICS, UI IMPROVEMENTS, SECURITY UPDATES, CUSTOM RPC, GNOSIS CHAIN

GM free souls! Another update is here. There are a number of new features and some extensive UI improvements throughout the app.

## ADVANCED COIN ANALYTICS

This update brings premium token analytics that are not found in any other wallet. The analytics tab on the coin page now displays the following on-chain token data:

- token volume on DEXes
- token liquidity on DEXes
- number of on-chain transactions
- number of active addresses
- top wallets holding that token

Most of the above-mentioned metrics include historical chats for the given metric. Expect major improvements in this domain in the coming releases. This is a free sneak peek.

## UI IMPROVEMENTS

As we kept expanding wallet capabilities over the last year we noticed that some screens became rather technical and as a result, the wallet lost its original simplistic look. We took some steps to address this in this sprint:

- ability to hide/disable the Markets tab
- wallet create/restore/watch are now a lot more user friendly
- the in-app token and blockchain icons received a makeover

More to come...

## SECURITY IMPROVEMENTS

There were a number of security improvements targeting various use cases:

- Spam and spoofing transactions are not auto-detected and are removed from the transactions list.
- Users now have the option to set an app icon that looks like an icon of a game app.
- Privacy-conscious users now have the ability to switch between multiple RPC sources for EVM blockchains.

## CUSTOM RPC SOURCE

As mentioned above users now have the ability to switch the RPC providers for EVM blockchains like Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain. There is also an option to enter a custom RPC source.

## GNOSIS CHAIN

The Gnosis chain was added to the list of supported chains. In the coming weeks expect the ability to enter any EVM chain into the app. That's a work in progress.

## DEFAULT BITCOIN WALLET

It was starting from version 0.30 Unstoppable uses BIP84 format as default for all Bitcoin wallets. While this format has been supported for a long time now it wasn't a default option when creating new Bitcoin wallets.

The BIP84 format is the newest address format for Bitcoin and provides the cheapest way to transact on the Bitcoin network.

Enjoy and Peace!
