# Version 0.34 Highlights

BINANCE WALLET, PRICE INDICATORS, DEX IMPROVEMENTS, TELEGRAM SUPPORT, BITCOIN IMPROVEMENTS, DONATE

GM free souls! Here comes another major upgrade to the Unstoppable Wallet app.

## BINANCE WALLET

Unstoppable wallet users can now import their Binance exchange wallets to Unstoppable in read-only mode for easy monitoring of exchange balances.

## PRICE TREND INDICATORS

Coin charts now include TradingView-style price trend indicators aimed to provide a general overview of the asset's technicals considering a variety of technical indicators and timeframes.

Moreover, coin analytics now show overall scores (Excellent, Good, Fair, Poor) for most metrics. The purpose here was to add some context to raw numbers.

## DEX IMPROVEMENTS

This release also brings a number of improvements to DEX (Decentralized Exchange) features in the app.

- Swaps on Binance Smart Chain now support Pancake v3
- Uniswap swap provider has expanded to assets on Binance Smart Chain

Please note that these are Android-only features for the time being. We had to remove the swap feature from the iOS app as Apple's App Store no longer allows us to have this functionality in the app :(

## TELEGRAM SUPPORT

The tech support functionality in the wallet now works through Telegram enabling users to chat directly with the Unstoppable team securely and privately. Smoother and faster.

## BITCOIN IMPROVEMENTS

The recommended transaction fee for Bitcoin is now directly obtained from Bitcoin mempool rather than relying on our own proprietary recommendation logic.

## DONATE

In the latest release, we made all previously premium features free for all and instead added a Donate button to the Settings tab.

We are eternally grateful to all those willing to support us on our journey through these challenging times.

Enjoy and Peace!
