# Version 0.37 Highlights

FAST BTC SYNC, THE OPEN NETWORK, SPAM TXs FILTERING, WALLET WATCH

GM Free Souls! We're thrilled to introduce Unstoppable Wallet version 0.37, a substantial release!

## 1. ENHANCED BITCOIN SYNC via BLOCKCHAIR

We are pleased to announce our integration of the Blockchair.com API service. This private and fast API provider for blockchain data allows for significantly faster wallet synchronization times for Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash blockchains as a result wallet sync times became significantly faster. Note that those preferring to sync in a P2P manner over a blockchain can still do so.

## 2. TON SUPPORT

We are excited to announce that starting this version of Unstoppable supports the TON (The Open Network) blockchain. Users are now able to send/receive/store TON assets.

## 3. SPAM TRANSACTION FILTERING

We have improved the system for filtering out incoming phishing/spam transactions that are currently taking place on the Binance Smart Chain. This enhancement significantly improves the issue of address poisoning attacks, making your wallet experience more secure.

## 4. WALLET WATCH IMPROVEMENTS

We have added the ability to watch/monitor individual addresses for Bitcoin (BTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Dash (DASH), and Litecoin (LTC). This update enhances the functionality of the wallet monitoring feature, enabling users to monitor single address balances on the Bitcoin and fork chains.

## 5. OTHER

- The QR scanner has been upgraded to support WalletConnect and address QR codes, making the scanner more versatile.

- The Coin Receive screen has been redesigned and now allows someone to specify the (expected to receive) amount when sending someone your address QR codes;

- Minor enhancements to the markets tab for improved user interface and functionality.


Unstoppable Wallet aims to improve its cryptocurrency wallet by prioritizing efficiency and security. User feedback and suggestions are highly valued to enhance the app.

Thank you for choosing our cryptocurrency wallet!

Peace!
