## Version 0.10 Highlights

Another massive sprint for the Unstoppable! We are not in the version 1 yet and are already years ahead of any other wallet (or any blockchain-based service) that's out there.

This time we have introduced some new cool features as well as made extensive improvements to the performance as well as addressed some of the remaining decentralization aspects in various areas. Read on for details!

### Design Improvements

Over the last couple of months we have received a lot of UI related feedback and took steps to address most of them in this sprint. There were a LOT of minor and some major design improvements throughout the app.

Highlights:

- Balance Tab: improved page layout
- Coin Charts now also include: volume (24 hours), market cap, in circulation, total supply
- Transactions Tab: improved receiving/sending/pending indicators

### Crypto-Fiat Exchange Rates: Better & Faster

Until version 0.9 the crypto-fiat exchange rates were stored and obtained from our IPFS node. Over the last few months this setup didn't meet our expectations as it had several issues ranging from slow download speeds, IPFS node availability issues and fairly complicated setup that was prone to bugs and downtime.

In version 0.10 we upgraded the app to be able to communicate directly with the largest public crypto-fiat exchange rate provider CryptoCompare.com. As a result, the apps are able to get the needed rates much faster and communicate with the provider directly without relying/trusting the middle man.

### Locking Your Bitcoins from Spending

This is one of the very first features where we go beyond standard token transfer features in Bitcoin blockchain. Bitcoin blockchain provides means to program transactions in various ways that we have not observed in the wild yet.

In this new version we have added an experimental feature that allows wallet user to send time-locked Bitcoins, either to self or some other user. You're able to  instantly send someone Bitcoin that can only be spent by the recipient after a certain date in the future. This was designed for HODLers as a way to lock your Bitcoins during these volatile times.

Disclaimer: This is an Experimental feature and should be used with caution. We have deliberately capped it to 0.5 BTC per transaction. While we are actively testing this feature using our own salaries we can not guarantee that there are no bugs in implementation.

### New Tokes Added

- Paxos Gold (ERC20) : Gold backed token
- Binance USD BUSD (BEP2) : Stablecoin on Binance DEX blockchain
- Ripple XMR (BEP2) : Ripple-pegged token on Binance DEX blockchain

### Settings >> App Status section

Some of your been reporting technical issues/problems in our Telegram channel. In order to be able to troubleshoot such issues more effectively in the future we have added an App Status under the "Report a Problem" section in Settings. That section keeps some non-private info about the status of the application i.e. phone model, version of the operating system, the status for each blockchain that the app communicates with and so on.

Whenever you have a problem with sending/receiving transaction or some inconsistencies on your balance tab you may go to App Status screen and see if there are any issues there. That screen is a bit technical so if you're not able to debug the issue yourself you may easily copy it and send it over to us for troubleshooting over the telegram channel.

### Bugs and Issues

Several community reported and a number of internally discovered bugs were addressed as well.

Peace!
