## Version 0.11 Highlights

Another major sprint for the Unstoppable app!

This release includes significant performance improvements throughout the app. As a result, the app is now noticeably faster, both on iOS and Android platforms. All of the community reported and internally discovered bugs were addressed as well. And more importantly the Unstoppable wallet is now fully compliant with all standard Bitcoin address formats. Read on for details!

### Full Support for All Bitcoin Wallet formats

Starting from version 0.11 the Unstoppable wallet is now (the only) fully compliant with all standard Bitcoin address formats. The wallet now able to create and restore BIP44, BIP49, BIP84 Bitcoin wallets.

This basically means that migrating from pretty much any cryptocurrency wallet to Unstoppable app and vice versa is now possible. This ensures that your wallet is never tied to a specific app and can be accessed from any third party app. (# decentralization)

### Improved TX Fee Rate Logic

Previously the app would get the user recommended transaction fees for Bitcoin and Ethereum ERC20 tokens from IPFS (decentralized storage medium). This set up turned out to be slow and in general prone to breaking as there were two other services responsible for writing the data to IPFS and keeping it up to date.

Starting from this release the wallet is able to pull real-time transaction fee recommendations for Bitcoin from a standard Bitcoin node via standard RPC call. This resulted in significantly simple and stable setup.

At the same time the transaction fee estimation logic for ERC20 tokens has been optimized as well. The new implementation guarantees that the resulting ERC20 transaction fees are always below the recommended transaction fee values which are shown to the user prior sending.

### Failed / Rejected Transactions

The wallet is now able to understand when the sent transaction has failed or been rejected for some reason by some blockchain node. When it happens the rejected/failed status will be shown on the respective transaction in Transactions tab

### Design Improvements

There were a LOT of minor and a couple of major design improvements throughout the app with an aim to reduce complexity and make the wallet easy to use even for those who have little to know experience with blockchain technologies.

- Balance Tab: coin cells are redesigned
- Transactions Tab: minor layout changes
- Wallet Create / Restore screens: full-support for all standard Bitcoin wallet formats (BIP44 / BIP49 / BIP84)

### Base Currency List Reviewed

The version 0.9 allowed user to switch between 11 base currencies. While this was convenient for the global audience after extensive testing we discovered that exchange rate values are generally valid only for the top 4 fiat currencies i.e. USD, EUR, GBP and JPY. All other fiat currencies showed significant deviation from market rates for some tokens. As a result we decided to restrict the list to these 4 fiat currencies to ensure that users always see the values very close to the real market rates. This can be considered a security measure.

### Delisted & Renamed Tokens

We have delisted ZIL(ERC20) and WAX (ERC20) tokens as both projects have migrated their token from Ethereum to WAX blockchains. At this point, the unstoppable app is not able to communicate with either of those blockchains yet. If you hold any of those tokens we advice you to follow migration procedures provided by these projects.

Moreover, the external project MakerDAO which used to control DAI and MKR tokens, went through a major upgrade as a result of which following changes were required on our side:

- DAI token was renamed to SAI token
- new DAI token was added to the app

If you're interested to know more head on to the project site and look for recent upgrade notes, https://makerdao.com

Peace!
