## Version 0.12 Highlights

This release includes a lot of minor improvements in the UI/UX and minor bug fixes throughout the app. Furthermore, there were a couple of privacy improvements for Bitcoin blockchain on the wallet side.

In this sprint we primarily worked on architecture elements preparing the application for TOR integration and other privacy enhancing features.

### Double Spent Alert for Transactions

Starting from this version the wallet can identify when either incoming or outgoing transaction has a double spent alert. When you see a transaction that uses one of the inputs of another pending transaction the wallet will notify you, as well as show you the IDs of conflicting transactions. Not a lot of wallets out there that can do this for you :)

### Privacy Enhancements

When it comes to privacy Unstoppable wallet can already be considered as private as the underlying blockchains. While the wallet doesn't store/pass any data there are certain recommended best practices in individual blockchains i.e. Bitcoin blockchain that can further enhance the privacy for the user.

This release integrates Bitcoin Improvement Proposal 69 which documented here, https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0069.mediawiki

Moreover, we took significant steps to enable wallet to communicate fully over TOR network. This feature is work in progress at this point and hopefully will be available for use in release 0.13.

### Coin Charts / Analytics

Coin price charts got upgrade as well. We have added a few more filters for visualizing price charts as well as the historical daily/hourly trading volume data.

The version 0.13 will add another major update to the chart that will include:

- coin news aggregator
- on-chain analytics
- detailed project overviews

### Bug Fixes

All reported and discovered bugs were fixed.

We are working full steam. Stay tuned :)

Peace!
