## Version 0.13 Highlights

This release includes a number of significant privacy improvements, bug fixes, performance upgrades throughout the app.

### Privacy Control Center

The security section in app settings now includes a dedicated privacy control screen. Privacy settings on that screen provide you with everything you need to manage your level of privacy when using Unstoppable as well as things you should know in general.

We feel really good about this as we have been struggling for some time trying to create that section without making it difficult too culex for an average user to grasp. There are some privacy points we want users to understand.

### Ethereum Enhancement

In version 0.12 the entire communication with Ethereum blockchain been going through Infura service. it should be noted that at this point this seems to be the only option for mobile apps communicating with Ethereum blockchain.

The problem with such implementation is that it's neither trustless nor censorship-resistant. To free users from that dependency the wallet now allows the user to switch from Infura to Incubed service which works on top of Ethereum nodes.

Incubed is significantly better as it's more difficult to censor and significantly more reliable when it comes to trust. The results returned by Incubed clients are verified on an app level, making sure that the data returned is in fact valid/correct. That wasn't possible with Infura and the wallet simply trusted that Infura was providing it with a correct information.

## Enhanced Privacy For BTC, BCH, LTC Transactions

To further add to privacy of Bitcoin, Litecoin and Bitcoin Cash transactions there is a new setting (Settings >> Security >> Privacy) which enables user to control how the transactions on these blockchains are structured.

### Market News

Coin price charts now display latest news below the chart. It displays fresh headlines from relevant blockchain resources giving some further insight to the charts.

We have some major updates for the charts and analytics in the pipeline. Some fo the staff we are going to add in the coming updates are likely to make you go wow :)

### Hide/Unhide Balances

It's now possible to hide/unhide total and token balances on Balance tab. Next time you want to demonstrate your Bitcoin wallet to someone you can easily do so without revealing balance.

### New Tokens / Blockchains

A number of users been asking us to add Litecoin support. We were able to work on it during this sprint and now the Litecoin is fully supported.

We have also added support for Synthetix token (SNX), an ERC20 token on Ethereum blockchain.

We also looked into adding Algorand token but decided to postpone it after researching the current state of that blockchain. Might revisit this in the coming months.

### Rate Our App

Due to the lack of feedback on App Store and Play Market we are having problem getting Unstoppable listed on Bitcoin.org. if you're reading this do humanity a favor and rate/review our app on App Store / Play Market.

Peace!
