# Version 0.18 Highlights

FAQ SECTION, SWAP IMPROVEMENTS, NEW ICONS, IMPROVED PRICE CHARTS, EXTERNAL KEYBOARDS

## 1. UI / UX Improvements

- new icon set for an entire wallet app.
- redesigned settings tab.
- academy moved to settings tab.
- info screen for transaction status phases.

## 2. Swap Improvements

A number of further improvements and bug fixes were made to the UI / UX side of the token swap feature. It's now even easier to use allowing user to fine-tune various settings.

## 3. FAQ section

There is a new wallet FAQ section to guide users through various wallet features.

Over the last year or so we have received a lot of feedback as well as questions from users regarding various features within the wallet app. The FAQ section lists some of the most popular questions we received from users.

If you're not able to find an answer to your problems you may either contact Unstoppable support bot over telegram or send us an email.

## 4. Price Charts

Token price charts now obtained directly from Uniswap smart contracts giving users real time token market rates.

Prior to that Unstoppable relied on external services to show the latest prices for various tokens. It was not uncommon for these services to show delayed prices which were no longer valid.

## 5. Zcash improvements

Zcash cryptocurrency received several improvements such as faster wallet restore and multiple non-critical bug fixes.

Support for transparent addressed coming soon!

## 6. Improved Wallet Restore

The app now able to alert users when the entered mnemonic seed is not entered in a correct order or if any of the words has a typo in it. In other words, the user will know when the provided seed isn't a valid seed.

## 7. Support For External Keyboards

Android users are now able to user the preferred keyboard when interacting with the input fields within Unstoppable wallet app. For security purposes, external keyboards were disabled by default.

Some users complained about this pointing out that they are not comfortable with being forced to user manufacturer's inbuilt keyboard on the device. That was a valid request indeed and to address that the app now allows users to use their desired keyboard.

## 8. Other

- bug fixes covering various sections
- code refactoring on various components

Peace!
