# Version 0.21 Highlights

MULTI-WALLET CAPABILITY, MARKETS TAB UPDATED, UI/UX IMPROVEMENTS

---

Another big update! As usual, this sprint adds some major additions to the wallet feature set as well as includes extensive improvements throughout the app.

## 1. Multi-Wallet (and passphrase support)

The largest feature of the current sprint! For a while now we were looking to standardize wallets and add the capability for any wallet created in the app to support all coins within the app. Previously, various wallets were meant for different sets of coins.

We finally addressed this and were happy to see it live. Users are now able to manage an unlimited number of wallets capable of storing any coin available in the app. Unstoppable now also supports passphrase as per BIP-39 standard.

This enables users to create wallets that are secured by a user-provided passphrase in addition to 12/24 - word mnemonic seed word. The benefit here lies in the ability to create an unlimited number of wallets using the same mnemonic phrase but different passphrases. It's a highly convenient method to manage multiple wallet portfolios.

A new wallet switcher button was added to the Balance tab for quick and easy navigation between active wallets. Moreover, the wallet management screen now provides a way to view the wallet master private key, next to mnemonic phrases.

Note! You don't need to do anything to migrate, the app will do that for you. If you have multiple wallets in Unstoppable, they will be renamed as Wallet 1/2/3 ...

## 2. Markets Improvements

Markets section of the app went the through next batch of scheduled updates:

- Markets Overview tab now provides means to preview and expand historical changes (7D, 1M etc) in primary market parameters i.e. Trading Volume, BTC Dominance, DeFi Market Cap and Total Value Locked by decentralized protocols.

- Coin icons are now colored. While this may seem as a trivial change it took a lot of effort on our part)

- Some coins now display our token version of coin description instead of showing a generic one from Coingecko. At this point we added about 30-40 descriptions covering some of the more popular coins.

- The bottom section of Markets Overview now displays the latest market news from leading crypto news sites.

Expect more substantial improvements in the coming releases.

## 3. UI / UX Improvements

A number of improvements were made to the interface as well as the overall app performance:

- system setting for light/dark mode >> the wallet can now use the native system settings for the wallet theme.

- balance hide on/off >>  to hide/unhide balance you may now simply click on the balance amount itself.

- warning on low fee >> a custom alert will now shown when the user selects a transaction fee below the network recommended value.

- socket connectivity >> improvements were made to the elements using socket connectivity. As a result the app provides even smoother and faster feel.

---

Apart from the above-mentioned features, we have fixed all user-reported and self-discovered app crashes and bugs.

Peace!
