# Version 0.22 Highlights

COIN ANALYTICS, NEW TRANSACTIONS, DEX AGGREGATOR, FAQ PAGE, ZCASH

---

Another monstrous update! As usual, this sprint adds some major additions to the wallet feature set as well as includes extensive improvements throughout the app.

## 1. Coin Analytics

The coin page went through yet another batch of improvements, including the addition of:

- Major Holders: the amount of tokens in circulation held by the top 10 wallets.

- Audits: projects audits, issues discovered, and the company behind audit.

- Trading Volume: historical change in the 24-hour trading volume over time.

- TVL Rank: assets held under management by project and how it compares to other projects.

The coin page is still work in progress. Expect even more substantial improvements in the coming releases which are going to focus on advanced on-chain analytics i.e. user activity, daily transaction counts, on-chain liquidity volumes, and more.

## 2. New Transactions Tab

The transactions tab component was rewritten and redesigned with performance and usability in mind.

The users are now able to differentiate between various transaction types (send, receive, swap, approve, contract call, etc) and see relevant details for each transaction.

Overall this component became faster and easier to maintain moving forward.

## 3. DEX Aggregator

Unstoppable constantly working on improving decentralized token swapping capabilities to enable token swapping at optimal rates. This version features:

- integration with 1inch liquidity aggregator
- upgraded Pancake integration to version 2

## 4. FAQ Page v2

The latest update brings a new version of the FAQ page. This page was redone addressing the most common questions and usage issues that users have experienced with Unstoppable over the past.

https://unstoppable.money/faq

The page is available online as well as from within the app and features over 100 questions relating to various use cases when storing and transacting with cryptocurrencies. We highly recommend everyone to go over it. It's a concise and beginner-friendly resource to get familiar with cryptocurrencies and DeFi in general.

## 5. Network Change Capabilities

Advanced users would be happy to find out that users are now able to change the network settings (Mainnet or Testnet) for Ethereum and BSC blockchains. The option is available in settings for individual wallets which can be accessed from the Manage Wallets screen.

Do not use this feature if not sure what it does!

## 6. Zcash Improvements

Zcash users now have the ability to send transactions to transparent addresses. Previously, Unstoppable supported only shielded addresses.

--- 

Apart from the above-mentioned highlight features, we have fixed all user-reported bugs, addressed a number of community requests, applied lots of UI improvements on various screens, and fixed a number of app bugs.

Peace!