# Version 0.23 Highlights

UPGRADED ANALYTICS, IMPROVED SWAP, ACCELERATE TRANSACTIONS, LAUNCH SCREEN, CHAINLINK

Another gigantic update and we are really excited about this one! We added a couple of major new features and updated a number of essential app components.

---

## 1.  New Markets & Coin Analytics

One of the main goals behind this sprint was to bring entire cryptocurrency market analytics to the app. The new markets database tracks over 11K cryptocurrency coins and provides users with substantial data for each.

The coin page has been redesigned and now includes even more data about each token as well as provides quick options to add token to a wallet or a watchlist.

Other analytics updates include revised token categories and new project reviews for over 20 projects.

## 2. Swap Improvements

The swap feature received a number of essential improvements including UI refactoring, better error handling and helper alerts on important swap settings.

More importantly, the swap provider 1INCH was updated to its latest version.

## 3. Accelerate / Cancel Transactions

The wallet now provides ability to accelerate or cancel transactions while they remain in a pending state.   The feature currently limited to transactions on Ethereum blockchain. In the coming months we intent to bring same capabilities to Bitcoin and other blockchains where this may be relevant.

## 4. UI Improvements

As usual, we made a lot of UI improvements covering a wide array of app screens based on the feedback we collected.  Some of the bigger enhancements on UI side include redesign of Coin Manager screen and addition of a new setting to control app launch screen.  The app launch settings allow user to set the launch screen for the app i.e. balance, watchlist etc.

## 5. Chainlink Partnership

The crypto-to-fiat exchange rates for primary base currencies i.e. USD, EUR, GBP JPY etc are now provided by Chainlink Price Feeds.

The addition pf Chainlink Price Feeds provides Unstoppable users with real time exchange rates  for major cryptocurrencies.

---

Apart from the above-mentioned highlights, we have fixed all user-reported bugs and applied lots of UI improvements on various screen. In addition, we also the Academy and FAQ sections received major updates.

Peace!
