# Version 0.24 Highlights

NFT SUPPORT, WATCH ADDRESS, EIP-1559, WALLETCONNECT V2, EVM BLOCKCHAINS

GM folks! Another gigantic update. As usual, we are excited about this one. Keeping up with the tradition we added a couple of major new features and applied major improvements to some of the existing features.

---

## 1. NFT Support Integration

This update brings NFT support like no other instrument or NFT wallet out there. View your NFTs, track NFT balances (based on a sale price, floor price, and 7D /30D avg. sell price), view buy offers, etc.

In version 0.25 we intend to:

- expand market analytics to cover NFT markets
- add the ability to browse NFT markets and collections
- add the ability to send/receive NFTs
- add the ability to list NFTs for sale
- add the ability to accept and reject offers

Once the list above is implemented Unstoppable can be the only app users will ever need when it comes to NFTs.

## 2. Watch Address (Read-Only Wallets)

The unstoppable app now includes the ability to track wallets/addresses on EVM blockchains like Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain. This enables someone to watch balances and monitor transaction activity for any address on any EVM blockchain, be it a user or a smart contract.

This also marks our first minor step towards read-only multi-wallets which we wanted to add for a while.

## 3.  EIP-1559

Unstoppable is now EIP-1559 compliant. The transaction fee recommendation service in the Unstoppable app now almost guarantees speedy confirmation times :)

## 4. WalletConnect v2

This version also features WalletConnect version 2.  The unstoppable is one of the first wallet apps to integrate WalletConnect v2 which addresses many issues present in WalletConnect v1.

Please note that for WC2 to work, DApp that the user connects to should also support WC2. Therefore, do not expect it to work right away. Most of the major DApps i.e Uniswap still work with WC1.

---

Apart from the updates above, we have fixed several reported bugs, addressed crash reports, and applied several UI improvements throughout the app.

Other highlights include:

- enhancements on coin charts
- improvements to markets analytics
- ability to see TVL data by chain
- 1inch improvements
- advanced search improvements

Peace!
