# Version 0.25 Highlights

NFT UPDATES, TRANSACTIONS TAB, MARKETS TAB, BALANCE TAB, ZCASH

GM free souls! Another ginormous update is here. As usual, there are some major new features and some extensive improvements to existing features.

---

## 1. NFT Improvements

This update brings NFT support like no other instrument or NFT wallet out there. View your NFTs, track NFT balances (based on a sale price, floor price, and 7D /30D avg. sell price), view buy offers, etc.

In version 0.25 we intend to:

- market analytics covers NFT markets
- ability to browse top NFT markets
- ability to browse individual NFT collections

Work in progress:

- ability to send/receive NFTs
- ability to list NFTs for sale
- ability to accept and reject offers

## 2. New Transactions Tab

The Unstoppable app now provides you the most sophisticated and comprehensive way to visualize your transactions history. Apart from some UI enhancements transaction list now much faster when it comes to synchronizing transaction history with the blockchain.

Most notably, Unstoppable is the only wallet there which presents smart contract interactions in a human-readable form. Whether you deposit liquidity to some liquidity pool, sell an NFT token, receive tokens from an exchange, or claim an airdrop, Unstoppable shows the context of that transaction. The wallet covers all actions on major protocols as well as able to identify addresses belonging to crypto exchanges.

## 3. Markets Improvements

The markets tab now includes an overview of top NFT collections on the market based on 24-hour trading volume. The users are also able to expand on it and visualize the top 100 NFT collections over various periods. Moreover, clicking on a specific collection opens a dedicated collection page including collection items and their sale history.

The tab also includes Top Platforms sections which list major blockchains based on the cumulative market cap of projects on that blockchain platform. Helpful for seeing the most active blockchains based on the market value of projects built on top of them.

## 4. Balance Tab Redesign

The balance tab got some statistical make-over. The numbers are now bigger and formatted for easier readability. There are also settings to manipulate how numbers appear. For those interested to see the total balance in BTC or ETH equivalents, such an option is available as well.

These are experimental features and will be adjusted accordingly once we receive some more feedback from the community.

## 5. Zcash

ZCash library was updated to its latest version covering the latest and biggest upgrade to Zcash privacy cryptocurrency!

Enjoy and Peace!

