# Version 0.36 Highlights

SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS, APP BACKUP, ZCASH UPGRADE, PROJECT DESCRIPTIONS

GM free souls, we are excited to present Unstoppable Wallet version 0.36. This is a big one!

---

## 1. SECURITY ENHANCEMENTS

This upgrade features major improvements in app security. These features are aimed at making user wallets more secure when it comes to real-world cases.

🔸 Auto-Lock: Users are now able to select the duration of the inactivity period after which the app locks itself.

🔸 Random Numpad: An optional setting that shuffles the positioning of numbers on the numpad/unlock screen.

🔸 Duress Mode: A major security enhancement feature that allows users to set up multiple unlock app passcodes, each granting access to desired wallet(s) only. This would ensure that someone's critical wallet is invisible even when the person is coerced into opening the wallet by someone.

## 2. FULL APP BACKUP

This is an All-in-One backup solution. Users are now able to back up not just individual wallets but the entire app with an option to include/exclude desired wallets.

Apart from wallets, the full backup includes payment contacts, coins in a watchlist, watched wallets, app appearance settings, and app blockchain settings.

Backup Storage Option:

🔸 Local Storage (System File Manager): Backups can also be saved on the smartphone device itself.

Every backup is encrypted with a user-provided password.

## 3. ZCASH UPGRADE

We have integrated the innovative ECC Mobile Zcash SDK 2.0. Now Zcashers can spend their ZEC coins on the go, without waiting for the blockchain sync to finish.

This is a major upgrade to the Zcash experience on the mobile.

## 4. AI-GENERATED PROJECT DESCRIPTIONS

Explore cryptocurrency projects with improved clarity using our new AI-powered coin descriptions. Unstoppable users are now able to get an overview of over 5,000 cryptocurrencies directly from the Markets tab in the wallet app.

## 5. OTHER FIXES

- updated Unstoppable Domains SDK
- updated 1inch API
- redesigned app Status screen
- performance improvements
- UI improvements in various places

---

Continued gratitude for being a part of our journey. Stay unstoppable!

Peace!
