Highlights in this version

## Bitcoin

Ability to receive segwit transactions. In the past wallet was able to restore past segwit transactions as well as send them but not to receive them. This is no longer an issue.

## DASH

The wallet will now send Dash transactions as instant transactions when the state of your Dash wallet meets all conditions required by Dash network. The checks happen automatically behind the scenes.

## Restore Wallet

Now Fully Decentralized!

The wallet now has the capability to restore and validate your funds(balances) directly from the blockchain rather than via a third party block explorer. This option currently enabled for all blockchains (Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, Dash) but not for Ethereum (work in progress)

## Transaction Fees & Exchange Rates

Substantially improved speed for getting real time transaction fee rates for individual blockchains as well as currency exchange rates. The app doesn't rely on a single source to obtain that data but will try to obtain them from three different resources to guarantee the availability.

The wallet app will still continue to function regardless of the availability the data.

## New ERC20 Token

- IDEX / contract address:
  0xB705268213D593B8FD88d3FDEFF93AFF5CbDcfAE

## UI / Performance

Significant UI improvements throughout the app, especially for the Android OS. Substantial refactoring on Transactions tab to ensure fast and pleasant user experience as well easier future expandability.

## Full Changelog

https://github.com/horizontalsystems/unstoppable-wallet-android/compare/0.5.0...0.6.1

Enjoy!
