Get ready for another batch of improvements which made the wallet faster, safer and significantly more capable than the previous version.


## Version 0.8 Highlights

This update brings in improvements to the wallet architecture (under the hood) aiming at making it noticeably faster and smoother to operate.

Furthermore, a number of discovered/reported bugs were fixed as well.


### Price Charts

The wallet now provides the ability to monitor current coin prices as well as the ability to view price changes over time.

- view % price changes for the last 24 hours
- ability to sort coins by price change (from top to bottom)
- price changes over time: 1 day, 7 days, 1 month, 6 months, 1 year


### Design Improvements

Design improvements are always work in progress. Highlighted below are ones you should know about:

- display estimate transaction duration on Send screen
- display transaction fee for all coins in Transactions history
- display exact amount for values below the 0.01 fiat units (ex: 0.00015 $)
- improved animations and transitions throughout the app


### Full BIP44 / BIP49 Compliance

In version 0.8 the ability to provide someone with a Segwit RECEIVE address will be disabled. All transactions to your previous Segwit addresses will still work and reach you without issues, you just won't be able to generate a new address. The new RECEIVE addresses will be provided in legacy formats.

This is being done to prepare the wallet to operate fully in BIP 44 / BIP 49 compliant manners. With that change in place you will be easily migrate your Unstoppable wallet to any other external BIP 44/49 compliant wallets without issues and vice versa.

Once the version 0.9 is out the wallet will be able to operate either in BIP44 or BIP49 manner. The existing users will be able to update from version 0.8 to 0.9 and continue using wallet in BIP 44 complaint manner, while users setting up the wallet for the first time will use the wallet in BIP49 compliant manner.

If you're an existing user and don't understand any of the above don't worry and just continue using the wallet. The wallet will keep functioning in BIP44 compliant manner and gradually migrate your funds to BIP44 format. Additional instructions will be provided to the existing users who prefer to upgrade the existing unstoppable wallet from BIP44 to BIP49 compliant formats.


### Report A Problem

Added "Report a Problem" option to Settings tab. Allows anyone to report an issue or problem via email or team-monitored Telegram group.

Peace!
